[Applause]
[Music]
it's coming
don't get somebody who wants a selfie
damper cooler I'll get your whole life
story tattooed on my body yeah in a long
history of Monster Restless there has
never been a champion quite lights in
technologies fans around the world I
asked is there a challenger out there
with the hunger to drop the discipline
to become the next champion
what alright honey that's enough for
today Steve might not look like much but
there is a champion monster inside of
him thank you that felt great
we seriously need to work on strength
and endurance fortunately I know just
the thing with
yeah that's gonna be a hard no for me
[Music]
oh boy this is my nightmare
you